{
  "analysis_id": "meeting_analysis_20250405_153000",
  "timestamp": "20250405_153000",
  "audio_source": "/Users/yashwipassary/Downloads/hackathon/meeting_15mins.mp4",
  "transcript_statistics": {
    "word_count": 2163,
    "estimated_sentence_count": 169,
    "transcript_path": "meeting_analysis/meeting_analysis_20250405_153000/transcript/meeting_15mins_transcript_20250405_153025.txt"
  },
  "meeting_details": {
    "title": "what do we need to do for",
    "date": null,
    "participants": []
  },
  "key_topics": [
    "team",
    "going",
    "think",
    "like",
    "within"
  ],
  "summary": " Yeah, talented assessment. Apologies for the late live edition to the agenda on this one, but one more note on a change we're rolling out with insecure, three-blight weight and then we're establishing a second team within dynamic analysis. It's just a second team within dynamic analysis. We're not creating a new group, which I think is the same pattern that's happening within thread insights as well as just two teams. I don't know. The difference between what's happening in thread insights and within dynamic analysis is that this is a split of long feature category. So, I want to big rocks and hot issues section. We've got an awesome response from the team on how to improve the MR rate for the team. It's one of the things you use to power it. Any of those things are okay. Anybody got any chance to read it yet? Think about it. Perhaps everybody's really busy and they haven't looked yet. I think J. You've already looked at some changes around refinement. Yeah. Like randomness, like you're not scheduled, not PM necessarily actions or issues. And that actually is creating some more additional work like it's just like free time, murder, time on a change of pace. So I think that's helping us to do that. Yeah, we're also seeing some success with we've implemented like a weekly refinement meeting. I think with smaller bits of work, we're seeing a higher MRR. Not that's like just inflated, right? Like you can work on a small piece of code and ship it. I was going to say one note on refinement and sacking out this for experimenting with the new section in our planning feature. So looking forward and in there, we're using that is like a baseline where we add issues that we think need refinement that will most likely be worked on in the next one to be milestones. So we're using that as kind of a base cover or some engineer to go in and as their issues and make sure they get refined within this month. I can say it now in the secure stage instead of the analyzer team. Looking at the MR rate within sex compared to company wide historically, it runs two to three MRs per engineer per month higher. Thanks, Thomas. Thanks everyone. Good stuff. Okay. All right. Third wrap and the cat, or won't fix security issues. So we've got them for security issues that are subject to. Do we need to do anything related to security findings on the commercial versions of analyzer specifically? For FedRAMP, you're looking at any sets related security issues that have been raised. There is also a link in another issue, a separate issue that has instructions from ActSec on what they would like us to do for a setting of container scanning. There are equivalents in one line to even though they're different meanings. Yeah. Okay. No news is good news on this properly. So good stuff. So with recent changes, we've done a couple different changes with the secure, real government broke out from secure data, up to team, and net is, I just compared the name of my team with my peers. I have one word team names, ops dev, create, etc. So I was thinking about one word name. I've started to get feedback on naming things is really important. I'd get the name, the right kind of things and give them good names. Not sure we're going to change the name, which I'm after it's going to affect anyone, but me. Good idea, bad idea.",
  "action_items": {
    "count": 24,
    "items": [
      {
        "action": "will be sometime from mid-up to a bit through to December",
        "context": "he dates haven't been confirmed yet, but it will be sometime from mid-up to a bit through to December",
        "assigned_to": "Unassigned",
        "extracted_at": "2025-04-05 15:30:25"
      },
      {
        "action": "will be asked, but there's an optional self-evaluation which will move into workday and the work that we do has managed to also happen in workday",
        "context": "don't know what questions will be asked, but there's an optional self-evaluation which will move into workday and the work that we do has managed to also happen in workday",
        "assigned_to": "Unassigned",
        "extracted_at": "2025-04-05 15:30:25"
      },
      {
        "action": "will you tame or how will you be different, Jim",
        "context": "hat do you think will you tame or how will you be different, Jim",
        "assigned_to": "Unassigned",
        "extracted_at": "2025-04-05 15:30:25"
      },
      {
        "action": "going to cut a functional prioritization and the cost-rescue",
        "context": "might not cut another thing, but I'm going to cut a functional prioritization and the cost-rescue",
        "assigned_to": "Unassigned",
        "extracted_at": "2025-04-05 15:30:25"
      },
      {
        "action": "going to look at Frontier Views and report that by the end of the quarter",
        "context": "ou were going to look at Frontier Views and report that by the end of the quarter",
        "assigned_to": "Unassigned",
        "extracted_at": "2025-04-05 15:30:25"
      },
      {
        "action": "going to say one note on refinement and sacking out this for experimenting with the new section in our planning feature",
        "context": "was going to say one note on refinement and sacking out this for experimenting with the new section in our planning feature",
        "assigned_to": "Unassigned",
        "extracted_at": "2025-04-05 15:30:25"
      },
      {
        "action": "will most likely be worked on in the next one to be milestones",
        "context": "o looking forward and in there, we're using that is like a baseline where we add issues that we think need refinement that will most likely be worked on in the next one to be milestones",
        "assigned_to": "Unassigned",
        "extracted_at": "2025-04-05 15:30:25"
      },
      {
        "action": "should stop talking about you",
        "context": "should stop talking about you",
        "assigned_to": "Unassigned",
        "extracted_at": "2025-04-05 15:30:25"
      },
      {
        "action": "going to put down underneath at just a moment",
        "context": "eah, I'll verbalize and then I'll say more and then I'll finish writing what I was going to put down underneath at just a moment",
        "assigned_to": "Unassigned",
        "extracted_at": "2025-04-05 15:30:25"
      },
      {
        "action": "will admit that at times, we'll lessen the urgency on this particular topic",
        "context": "t's not to say that we cannot do better, but the comparison, the favorable comparison, at least to me, and I will admit that at times, we'll lessen the urgency on this particular topic",
        "assigned_to": "Unassigned",
        "extracted_at": "2025-04-05 15:30:25"
      },
      {
        "action": "have to admit that by a set of half",
        "context": "nd I have to admit that by a set of half",
        "assigned_to": "Unassigned",
        "extracted_at": "2025-04-05 15:30:25"
      },
      {
        "action": "will close the issue, the quick and latest link to these notes",
        "context": "o I will close the issue, the quick and latest link to these notes",
        "assigned_to": "Unassigned",
        "extracted_at": "2025-04-05 15:30:25"
      },
      {
        "action": "going to be part of the set ramp evaluation and any security issue that has a CVE associated with it, which means dependency or container scanning specifically, has to have a remediation plan, even if they're false positives",
        "context": "f you have a feature category that is tips compliant or certified, you're probably going to be part of the set ramp evaluation and any security issue that has a CVE associated with it, which means dependency or container scanning specifically, has to have a remediation plan, even if they're false positives",
        "assigned_to": "Unassigned",
        "extracted_at": "2025-04-05 15:30:25"
      },
      {
        "action": "need to do for",
        "context": "nd so that's led to a separate discussion on what do we need to do for",
        "assigned_to": "Unassigned",
        "extracted_at": "2025-04-05 15:30:25"
      },
      {
        "action": "need to do anything related to security findings on the commercial versions of analyzer specifically",
        "context": "o we need to do anything related to security findings on the commercial versions of analyzer specifically",
        "assigned_to": "Unassigned",
        "extracted_at": "2025-04-05 15:30:25"
      },
      {
        "action": "have to screw it not exactly here, but in the group and they shouldn't be, so means are optional, but have has this had an impact is no rules",
        "context": "o I have to screw it not exactly here, but in the group and they shouldn't be, so means are optional, but have has this had an impact is no rules",
        "assigned_to": "Unassigned",
        "extracted_at": "2025-04-05 15:30:25"
      },
      {
        "action": "need to do an additional approval",
        "context": "nd it's usually I've seen a few cases where team members have realized that I need to do an additional approval",
        "assigned_to": "Unassigned",
        "extracted_at": "2025-04-05 15:30:25"
      },
      {
        "action": "going to things down, but just keep an eye on it and give it to everyone please",
        "context": "nless it's happening and not noticing it, we're just going to things down, but just keep an eye on it and give it to everyone please",
        "assigned_to": "Unassigned",
        "extracted_at": "2025-04-05 15:30:25"
      },
      {
        "action": "going to dash forward to have to pull data from multiple places that pass my teams",
        "context": "t also makes it that I'm going to dash forward to have to pull data from multiple places that pass my teams",
        "assigned_to": "Unassigned",
        "extracted_at": "2025-04-05 15:30:25"
      },
      {
        "action": "going to change the name, which I'm after it's going to affect anyone, but me",
        "context": "ot sure we're going to change the name, which I'm after it's going to affect anyone, but me",
        "assigned_to": "Unassigned",
        "extracted_at": "2025-04-05 15:30:25"
      },
      {
        "action": "but it will be sometime from mid-up to a bit through to December",
        "context": "he dates haven't been confirmed yet, but it will be sometime from mid-up to a bit through to December",
        "assigned_to": "Unassigned",
        "extracted_at": "2025-04-05 15:30:25"
      },
      {
        "action": "what questions will be asked, but there's an optional self-evaluation which will move into workday and the work that we do has managed to also happen in workday",
        "context": "don't know what questions will be asked, but there's an optional self-evaluation which will move into workday and the work that we do has managed to also happen in workday",
        "assigned_to": "Unassigned",
        "extracted_at": "2025-04-05 15:30:25"
      },
      {
        "action": "you think will you tame or how will you be different, Jim",
        "context": "hat do you think will you tame or how will you be different, Jim",
        "assigned_to": "Unassigned",
        "extracted_at": "2025-04-05 15:30:25"
      },
      {
        "action": "refinement that will most likely be worked on in the next one to be milestones",
        "context": "o looking forward and in there, we're using that is like a baseline where we add issues that we think need refinement that will most likely be worked on in the next one to be milestones",
        "assigned_to": "Unassigned",
        "extracted_at": "2025-04-05 15:30:25"
      }
    ],
    "action_items_path": "meeting_analysis/meeting_analysis_20250405_153000/action_items/action_items_20250405_153025.json"
  },
  "output_files": {
    "transcript": "meeting_analysis/meeting_analysis_20250405_153000/transcript/meeting_15mins_transcript_20250405_153025.txt",
    "summary": "meeting_analysis/meeting_analysis_20250405_153000/summary/meeting_summary_20250405_153025.json",
    "action_items": "meeting_analysis/meeting_analysis_20250405_153000/action_items/action_items_20250405_153025.json",
    "visualizations": {
      "wordcloud": "meeting_analysis/meeting_analysis_20250405_153000/visualizations/transcript_wordcloud.png",
      "action_items_chart": "meeting_analysis/meeting_analysis_20250405_153000/visualizations/action_items_by_assignee.png",
      "topics_chart": "meeting_analysis/meeting_analysis_20250405_153000/visualizations/topic_distribution.png"
    }
  }
}