 So it is the SICK meeting secure and govern growth and data science, meaning applied ML, ML ops and anti abuse team meeting. That's a big mouthful. We might get a better name over time. And that's our meeting for September 14th or 15th in APEC and hi Allen glad you're here. Why are you here when it's midnight we talk about glad you're here. Don't make it happen to come to this meeting since it's really late for you. And so, but I'm glad thanks for coming at least once. I'm not going to go down to the next one. News and events. I've got a lot of things on the agenda today because of some of this. So apologies for that. I think it's going to go down over time. Based on feedback, I work, I'm going to work to do more summarized communications to improve the signal and always reach. And as we only rather than post and go our Slack channel and I am going to be assuming that people leaders on the team will attend this meeting or read the notes and not run the Slack channel. So keep that in mind. Let's see, B is a read only item unless anybody wants to discuss it. And see Phil has. Welcome, Alan to the meeting. I've asked Alan to step in is acting full stack manager for security policies while I hire an E. Alan has graciously accepted this wonderful opportunity. So welcome, Alan. Thank you. I've got the next item as well. So anti abuse is moving product sections from sector data science. Data science is effectively a rename of the model ups section. So data science will include two stages, the existing model ups, which has three groups in it, which one can talk more about. And the anti abuse stage, which only currently has one group, which is called anti abuse. I think at some point there are plans to split the anti abuse into two groups, but that's not in the near near to. And we're working through all the changes around that there's lots of work, there changes, lots of handbook changes. So, I think, you want to say anything more about data science or model ups. No, I think for us, we just roll up to data science, everything else stays the same. We still have the two main groups applied ML and a lot, and then later data offs part of it. Yeah. So any thanks Thomas for continuing to compile and report on across all my teams that I'm responsible for in the engineering allocation meeting on error budgets and reliability and security incidents. So really do appreciate that. Gotta give Neil a high five to he does have he does half of these now. And apologies for the noise if I keep asking for what's the story behind what's going on with reliability or security or or error budget stuff, just trying to provide air cover. And I apologies, Neil, I totally forgot you took half of these since Thomas has been doing it for so long, but appreciate it. I know you volunteered for it and we discussed it, but I just forgot. Kind of a thankful throw. Honestly, and I volunteer because the exposure I get from it. It's nice to be part of a different collective group of people. I was going to mention all types of this in here, but Tiago had set up for container security, a bot that weekly, I think it's Mondays or like Sunday, we'll ping the team and ask for volunteer to go and resource that data. And we just enabled it for threat insights. It's actually pretty sweet and it just does all the work for you, Thomas, we don't have to think people are so I'll put a note in there for that. EF is read only in bill you've got G. And we had a talent assessment. So we had an update from Julianna. The dates haven't been confirmed yet, but it'll be sometime from mid October through to December. I think e-group sign off as expected to be mid December before everyone goes on holiday. They've got a draft timeline in there, but the dates the dates are in the handbook yet. Big changes we're moving to do it in work day. That's not available yet. I haven't seen a demo of it. I don't know what questions will be asked. But there's an optional self evaluation, which will move into work day and the work that we do as managers will also happen in work day. At the moment, some people are using the Google Doc, which is listed on the talent assessment page for self evaluations and for the manager work. I'd suggest continuing to use those docs until we get access to work day and see what the exact differences are. I am J read only less anybody wants to discuss them. Thomas get item K. Yeah, apologies for the late at like live addition to the agenda on this one. But one more note on a change we're rolling out within secure pretty lightweight and that we're establishing a second team within dynamic analysis. And so issue is there folks want to play that would like to follow along or ask any questions about it. The plan for right now is I'm going to be serving as a team factoring the EM. And in addition to normally scheduled. Some duties for lack of a better way of putting it. And so happy to answer any questions to folks have about that. So we have a question we've done the same thing in three insights with was Neil and Tiago each having teams. What even a call your new team or how will you differentiate. Was not planning to differentiate it. It's just a second team within dynamic analysis. We're not creating a new group. Which I think is the same pattern that's happening within threat insights as well as just two teams know I know that there's tangerine and there's navy. I'm not a tangerine person myself. So what to figure it out. Another two color Thomas I struggled with that one. That's the theme. Tomato I don't know what we're doing now. We'll figure it out. And the differentiation. I think the difference between what's happening and thread insights and within dynamic analysis is that this is a split or long feature category. Even though we're keeping that we're not super new group. It is the distinction is along with like who's working on specific feature categories themselves. So the the where the fracture point is happening is a little difference, but the, but the approach and effect are the same. I hope. So I want to big rocks and hot issues section. I know if it's a big rock, but kind of belong here perhaps more. So did that survey where you got an awesome response rate from the team on how to improve the MR rate for the team. And then I took a really long time to go through other results and summarize and make initial recommendations. So lost a little bit of moment of my gut caught up in other things that cross functional prioritization and a customer escalation. So since then this is actually used by John Hope to lead a discussion at the development. Offset last week on just improving engineering velocity is one of the things you used to power it so that value there. But I've seen no comments I think for anybody in this group, which means either no time forgot about it or it doesn't. We looked at it and it doesn't have much value and any of those things are okay. I'm just curious where the group landed. And if you haven't taken a look yet to see if there's anything you want to take away from it on things you might want to consider. And I just need to do so. And to consider not to do but to consider. Anybody got a chance to read it yet. And think about it or not just yet. It's not my guess is perhaps everybody's really busy and they haven't left yet. I mean at a high level J Neil Tiago we've talked about changes. I think J you've already looked at some changes around refinement that was near that you were going to look at for into abuse and report back by the end of the quarter. Tiago and Neil I can't remember for a while there where we ended up with for three times science. Yeah, I'm hoping that MR rate is kind of an artifact or a byproduct of some other actions. The big thing we're doing is more whole type of work like random miscellaneous not scheduled not PM necessarily actions or issues. And that actually is creating some more additional work like it's just like free time work. I want to change a pace move to something else momentarily. And really small are type of issues to us that quicker to knock out. Therefore they create more MRs which has been a cool by product. So I think that's helping us succeed there. Yeah, we're also seeing some success with we've implemented like a weekly refinement meeting kind of check in make sure that stories are broken down tiny enough. I think with smaller bits of work we're seeing a higher MR rate. It's debatable whether or not that's like just inflated right like you can work on a small piece of code and ship it. And you can do that a lot of times you're going to get a higher MR rate or trying to be reasonable with that. I am noticing a nice tick up after implementing the refinement meeting. So let's hope for the best. I was going to say one note on refinements in sack analysis were experimenting with the new section in our finding feature is called looking forward. And in there we're using that as like a baseline where we add issues that we think need refinement that will most likely be worked on in the next one to three milestones. So we're using that as kind of a base cover for some engineer to go in and add their issues and make sure they get refined within this milestone not necessarily any implementation. We're just refinement itself. I should stop. Thank you. Thank you. Amar. Thomas, you want to verbalize your comment? Yeah, I'll verbalize and then I'll say more and then I'll finish writing what I was going to put down underneath it in just a moment. So the this was an engine item with the EMS and I can say it now in the secure stage. That is the analyzer teams now. So this was a topic yesterday. So my I would assume that this is more like it's a habit. It's just to read but not digest the content. And what I was about to write and I am cautious in saying this because it almost comes across as smug and that is not my intent. In that looking at the MR rate within sack compared to company wide historically it runs two to three MRs per engineer per month higher. And I think a good bit of that has to do with the. I mean, I mean, we've taken this to be true or at least asserted it to be true in that it's smaller teams that are working closely together in less busy projects. Then we see within the Rails platform itself, which does have an impact. It's it's not to say that we cannot do better. But the comparison. The favorable comparison. At least to me and I will admit this at times will lessen the urgency on this particular topic. And I have to admit that by us that I have. Thanks, Thomas. Thanks everyone. So I didn't see any comments in the issue that's totally fine. And people found some of it useful some of the analysis useful. And that's great. So I will close the issue accordingly and just link to these notes. Good stuff. Thomas, you've got item B. Okay. All right, after this then. All right. Bed ramp and the can't or won't fix security issues that way maybe we may be having there's so we've got them. For security issues that are subject to fed ramps, if we if you have a feature category that is dips compliant or certified. You're probably going to be part of the fed ramp evaluation and any security issue that has a CVE associated with it, which means dependency or container scanning specifically. Has to have a remediation plan, even if they're false positives. And so that's led to a separate discussion on what do we need to do. For do we need to do anything related to security findings on the commercial versions of analyzer specifically that was the catalyst for this particular conversation. Because on container scanning, we get a lot of findings related to Debian based images that that project has not shipped a fix for or won't fix ship a fix for. So there is a separate thread that is going on here about what to do and can we do deviation requests and bulk for this class of for this for this for this class of. So we're going to do a lot of findings on the TLDR as below. And there's a couple of options that are being brainstormed within this particular thread. So I wanted and I know I've said a lot of words and I didn't say it well. But I wanted to bring it here in case there was any questions or commentary. So I wanted to talk to you about the data that you've talked about. But it's not really related to what you've just talked about, but sort of related for February. You're looking at any tips related security issues that have been raised. How far are you going in terms of order to find anything that hasn't already been identified. So I'm going to ask you a couple of questions. I'll link in another issue a separate issue that is give that has instructions from apsec on what they would like us to do as far as setting up container scanning. And they have set up a project with a single configuration. And they're asking us to use. There is some debate as to as to how that project has been configured because it uses a combination of three container scanning tools rather than one. And so they've asked us to use that as a baseline for the fifth images specifically. Or the UBI specific images. The they're they're equivalent in my mind, even though they're they're different meanings. So TLDI talk to apsec got it. Nikiil Nikiil George is our stable counterpart of folks on no at least in sec. And so he has been quite responsive and keen and he is also helping chase down answers when when he doesn't have them. That's a big he's been he's been a big help us for. So in thanks for bringing this up Thomas. So in the hallway. So from the development staff main meeting. And so I copy and pasted the notes. And there but net is the TLDR is can folks the request to me and I peers was can folks check with their teams to see if the approvals are affecting them. So this is the new approval rules on segregation of duties. So last this group. Not that everybody's here. So they shouldn't be so means are optional but have has this had an impact these new rules. And exactly I've seen a few cases where team members have realized that they need to get an additional approval. But I'm not aware that it's actually slowing things down. Okay. No news is good news on this probably unless we're missing unless unless it's happening and we're not noticing it. We're just slowing things down but just keep an eye on it in case it does. Everyone please so good stuff. So. With recent changes. We've done a couple different changes with the secure. And I've heard broken out from secure and data ops team and this net is I just compared the name of my team with my peers. My peers have one word team names ops dev create et cetera mine is set growth and data science. Which is pretty wordy and also makes it so that when I go into dashboards I have to pull data from multiple places across my teams. And I think about one word name I've started to get feedback on it naming things is really important. I'd get lab to name the right kinds of things and give them good names. So I'm going to run it by David DeSanto tomorrow and he's great person to bounce such things off of. I landed on enrichment because what we do makes other things better we enrich them. It's kind of a very broad term but it does cover what we do. So I'm not sure we're going to change the name which I'm not sure it's going to affect anyone but me. That's actually my intent is it only affects my stuff not everyone else's. But maybe everyone else is in a small way or others in a small way but we'll see. Any thoughts on this good idea bad idea. I'm not where do this I'm looking for feedback. And obviously the other examples relate to either sections or stages. Whereas enrichment doesn't so you'd be introducing something new here. This affects me as well I have a subset of enrichment so it would be kind of enrichment light. I'm not sure I'm not sure we'll I think you and I have spoken about this I'm not sure we would get approval to introduce a new name or department level. I would certainly to talk to people off about introducing that in work day. Okay. So a couple of things you know these kinds of things I would sometimes put in slack and I'm trying to avoid a number of distinct slack messages of putting in here. So I would like to add announcements of work anniversaries and new hires to the meeting template. PM does this I attended the PM staff meeting I was a guest speaker there this week. And like the com lottery we have good camaraderie the com lottery there was pretty good. You know firms shadowing me today I think he sat in on the PM meeting as well. It was a pretty good feel of just people really knowing each other well and getting along well. So I think it's a great idea for new hires. I was just going to talk about this is anniversaries and new hires. I'll verbalize Chiago's comment. Yeah, Chiago's great idea for new hires don't care much about work anniversaries. We're at the bot for that. But I'd say I always need to miss the bottom announcements. As they cover the whole company versus the budgets announcing for our team. If no interest in that part I'm happy to exclude the meal you like the idea of adding. I mean just last week I think it was Phil celebrated his third year. And I congratulated him but then I missed another team member in sec. You know because there's like 20 people in that list plus it's team member updates that's not a channel I look at a lot like weekly. I just happen to see that the day of so. I do like being able to celebrate together in this group. So thanks for a praise section like thanks for doing this. And great job on that. To remind ourselves to do that as engineers we tend to focus on the problems and challenges and not celebrating the wins. I used to just saying that we add new content into this document for that. Or that we just link to the slack announcements that we've already made. I think it's nice to verbalize them. So maybe link to the slack announcements but also verbalize that I know it sounds like a bunch of busy work. I don't want to do things twice. They really add the sections and people use them as they see fit. Whatever that happens to be but please don't over. Don't create busy work for yourself either. So so judgment call. By each person. So it looks like you had a Thomas and magnets and thoughts on this too. Yeah. I like it. We don't celebrate enough. We don't do enough for team cohesion team celebration. Across the board. And just as a correlator related thing that I haven't communicated well. I was hoping to add this kind of thing to our monthly section wide retrospectives. New hires discretionary bonuses work in a verse rees big feature releases. And anything that we want to announce and celebrate. We ought to make sure that it's. I don't want to say shout to the rooftops but we're shot to the heavens but did but we. They're big deals and we don't make and we undersell. In my opinion. Oh, sorry. And hey, Fernando here. So I'm shadowing a way now just to introduce myself from the technical marketing team. And I'll send the document right now, which is something that we do for our kind of get together team meetings. And it kind of shows you can you can you can look through it. I shared it to everyone on the zoom chat. But you can see that we provide updates. The new team members and small little introductions. And you can see sections that we have on gratitude and actual spotlights. And we have a lot of things that we do. And we have a lot of things that we do. And we have a lot of things that we do. And we have a lot of things that we do. That we show like who we're actually praising what they've done. That's good. And how we can highlight that because that will motivate employees. Kind of really increase that morale because what we're seeing is. These employees are actually getting recognized for good work that they've done. And that's kind of siloed busy working on different things. So it's good to know what everyone's working on and what everyone's doing. So somewhat related to what you were just speaking on. But just that I'd share that. Thanks for an end up. So in D. So I'm not going to read all this from Daniel Croft. But summarizing he is looking for feedback on the development vision and mission and direction. We're brainstorming on in the development department. On mission and vision in particular, the approach is when everybody open up a little spreadsheet. And follow the instructions. Anybody interested. So if you're interested in doing so. Should take about 10 to 15 minutes. Please do it in the next week. Good stuff there. Something we covered also the development off site that Daniel took as an action item to follow up on. Thomas, you've got eat. And I'm going to read it. I'm going to read it. Right. Because I cannot remember. And so I'm hoping to crowdsource a little bit of this configuration archaeology. So to speak. Is there a reason that we don't use reviewer roulette. If folks can remember the reason I'm asking is is contained within that thread. But that is a tool that actually is being used to track if we have enough maintainers and any given project. And so that's why I'm asking. When you say reviewer roulette. Are you talking about on the individual analyzers. Yeah. Speaking only for dash. We haven't have need for it because we have six engineers that's just going to rule out the same six people. Yeah, rule of six. I did die. That's what I kind of think it is. But it's. From a larger. Like if the company. Like where do we need more maintainers is the question that the organization is asking. I mean, I'd suggest they're looking in the wrong place. If they're looking in roulette. To see. To find out the number of maintainers. That's the wrong place. The engineering projects page should list all the maintainers. If you set up your team, you know, entries correctly. I would have thought that was more than. Single source of truth. Apparently not. So yeah. Yeah, well, you know the chart. I mean, I think on somebody's projects, we just haven't filled it out. I'll give you like we have the API. We have one engineer that works on it. So we haven't gone and added a maintainer there because. They know who they are. So if we are trying to maintain that as a single source truth, we need to just go through and. And scrub it. Sorry, Seth, I'm reminded of this. I'm reminded of the Spider-Man meme with the two spider men pointing at each other. Who's the author? It's it's the same person. I'm not sure if it's the same person. I'm not sure if it's the same person. Is it the same person? It's the same person. It's been a long day. So I'm a little punchy. So, but yes, that makes sense. So Seth, you saying you haven't added it to individual team members. Yen will files in the handbook. Right. I believe for that one. There's just no entry for it. I mean, we could. I think I think. I think. You don't have any. That should do it. Yeah, well, it should. They shouldn't be using just related. They should be using that. It's a source of truth. And I think if you've listed maintenance. That should cover it. The follow up question would be does that. Does that cover the senior plus engineers must be a maintainer requirement or not? I miss you buried the lead. The way you call buried the lead. I took the read only off your comment there. So you can announce it. Well, we're going to end with the best news of the day. That's all. That's all. But. But the maintainer requirement. Yes, it does. Oh, maybe because it's required for senior plus going back to that is just maintaining one or more. I think it's the requirement from our book. I was talking about the Olivier news. Yeah, I know. I was just making sure we were finished with the topic above. All right. And we're at time. So I will move on and take that as a prompt. Yeah, Olivier has popped back on slack to announce that the newest addition of their family is here and happened over the weekend. So. So big big congrats to his family for that. And we'll be hoping to celebrate him. Later when he does when he when he returns to work. So. Thank you. You're welcome. Thanks everybody. Have a great day.