 Yeah, talented assessment. So we have an update from Janiyana. The dates haven't been confirmed yet, but it will be sometime from mid-up to a bit through to December. I think E-group sign office is expected to be mid-december before everyone goes on holiday. They've got a draft timeline in there that updates the dates and the handbook yet. The big changes we're moving to do at any workday, that's not available yet. I haven't seen a demo over it. I don't know what questions will be asked, but there's an optional self-evaluation which will move into workday and the work that we do has managed to also happen in workday. At the moment, some people are using the Google Docs, which is listed on the term assessment page for self-evaluation and for the manager work. I'd suggest continuing to use those docs until we get access to workday and see what the exact difference is on. Each I and Jerry read only, as anybody wants to discuss them. Thomas, I didn't pay. Apologies for the late live edition to the agenda on this one, but one more note on a change we're rolling out with insecure, three-blight weight and then we're establishing a second team within dynamic analysis. If so, issue is there. If someone would like to follow along or ask any questions about it, the plan for right now is on what we're serving as a team, exactly the EM and in addition to normally scheduled some duties for left and right away putting it. So, I'm happy to answer any questions. Folks have a buck out. I had a quick question. We've done the same thing in three. It's a first, first, first, and the other, each haven't changed. What do you think will you tame or how will you be different, Jim? I was not planning to differentiate. It's just a second team within dynamic analysis. We're not creating a new group, which I think is the same pattern that's happening within thread insights as well as just two teams. No, I know that there's tangerine and there's navy. I'm not a tangerine person myself. So, what the big difference out? I don't know. There's another cake all our time. I started with the best of being tomato. I don't know. Well figured out. The difference between what's happening in thread insights and within dynamic analysis is that this is a split of long feature category. Even though we're keeping that we're not trying to create a split of long feature categories. Where the fracture point is happening is a little different, but the approach and effect are the same. I hope. So, I want to big rocks and hot issues section. I don't know if there's a big rock but long care perhaps more. Did that survey? We've got an awesome response from the team on how to improve the MR rate for the team. Then I took a really long time to go to other results and summarize and make initial recommendations. We lost a little bit of the limit. I might not cut another thing, but I'm going to cut a functional prioritization and the cost-rescue. Since then, this is actually used by John Hope to lead a discussion at the development offset last week on improving engineering velocity. It's one of the things you use to power it. I've seen no comments. I think somebody in this group, which means either no time for God about it or it doesn't. We looked at it and it doesn't have much value. Any of those things are okay. I'm just curious where the group landed. If you haven't taken a look yet to see if there's anything you want to take away from it from things you might want to consider, nothing to do so. Consider it. Not to do, but to consider. Anybody got any chance to read it yet? Think about it. We're not just yet. It's not my gift. Perhaps everybody's really busy and they haven't looked yet. I'm in at a high level J. Neil. We talked about changes. I think J. You've already looked at some changes around refinement. That was near here. You were going to look at Frontier Views and report that by the end of the quarter. J. Go and Neil, I can't remember what we ended up with for freedom science. Yeah. I'm hoping that MRR is kind of an artifact of a product of some other actions. The big thing we're doing is more overall type of work. Like randomness, like you're not scheduled, not PM necessarily actions or issues. And that actually is creating some more additional work like it's just like free time, murder, time on a change of pace. It's just something else, mostly daily. And these are generally smaller types of issues too. So that quickly did knock out. Therefore they create more and more. So she's been the right. So I think that's helping us to do that. Yeah, we're also seeing some success with we've implemented like a weekly refinement meeting. Kind of track in, make sure that stories are broken down tiny enough. I think with smaller bits of work, we're seeing a higher MRR. It's the baitable weather. Not that's like just inflated, right? Like you can work on a small piece of code and ship it. And you can do a lot of times here in a good, higher MRR. We're trying to be reasonable with that. I am noticing a nice take up after implementing the refinement meeting. So let's hope for the best. I was going to say one note on refinement and sacking out this for experimenting with the new section in our planning feature. So looking forward and in there, we're using that is like a baseline where we add issues that we think need refinement that will most likely be worked on in the next one to be milestones. So we're using that as kind of a base cover or some engineer to go in and as their issues and make sure they get refined within this month. So not necessarily any implementation, but just refinement itself. I should stop talking about you. Thank you. The more Thomas, you want to verbalize your phone? Yeah, I'll verbalize and then I'll say more and then I'll finish writing what I was going to put down underneath at just a moment. So this was an edge of the item with the end. I can say it now in the secure stage instead of the analyzer team. So this is a copy gesture. So I would assume that this is more of a good action to read, but not digest the content. And what I was about to write, and I am cautious in saying this because it almost comes across a smug and that is not my intent in that. Looking at the MR rate within sex compared to company wide historically, it runs two to three MRs per engineer per month higher. And I think a good bit is that has to do with the, I mean, we've taken this to be true, or at least it's supposed to be true in that it's smaller themes that are working closely together in less busy projects. And then we see within the world's platform itself, which does have an impact. It's not to say that we cannot do better, but the comparison, the favorable comparison, at least to me, and I will admit that at times, we'll lessen the urgency on this particular topic. And I have to admit that by a set of half. Thanks, Thomas. Thanks everyone. So I didn't say to come to the issue, but I've totally fine. People found some of it useful, some of the analysis useful. And that's great. So I will close the issue, the quick and latest link to these notes. Good stuff. Thomas, you've got item B. Okay. All right. After this, then, all right. Third wrap and the cat, or won't fix security issues. That way maybe we're maybe having this. So we've got them for security issues that are subject to. If you have a feature category that is tips compliant or certified, you're probably going to be part of the set ramp evaluation and any security issue that has a CVE associated with it, which means dependency or container scanning specifically, has to have a remediation plan, even if they're false positives. And so that's led to a separate discussion on what do we need to do for. Do we need to do anything related to security findings on the commercial versions of analyzer specifically? That was the title for this particular conversation, because on container scanning, we get a lot of findings related to devian based images that that project does not shift to six four, or won't fix ship of six four. So there is a separate thread that is going on here about what to do, and can we do devian based samples for this class? For this class of findings, the TLDR is below. And there's a couple of options that are being brainstormed within this particular thread. And I know I've said a lot of words, and I didn't say it well, but I wanted to bring it here. If there was any questions or commentary. Nothing directly related to what you've just talked about, but sort of related. For FedRAMP, you're looking at any sets related security issues that have been raised. How far are you going in terms of orbiting to find anything that hasn't already been identified? There is also a link in another issue, a separate issue that has instructions from ActSec on what they would like us to do for a setting of container scanning. And they have set up a project with a single configuration that they're asking us to use. There is some debate as to how that project has been configured because it uses a combination of three container scanning tools rather than one. And so they've asked us to use that as a baseline for the tips images specifically, since they're UVI or the UVI specific images. There are equivalents in one line to even though they're different meanings. The TLDAT told to ActSec. The TLJORs is a stable counterpart. A folks don't know, at least in fact. And so he has been quite responsive in team, and he was also helping to taste down answers when he doesn't have them. So it's a big, he's been a big help thus far. Yeah. So in the whole way, from the development staff meeting, I can't be a paste of info. And there, but net is the TLDRs is can folks request to me and my peers is can folks check what they're seeing to see if the approvals are effective. So this is the new approval rules on segregation. So I have to screw it not exactly here, but in the group and they shouldn't be, so means are optional, but have has this had an impact is no rules. And it's usually I've seen a few cases where team members have realized that I need to do an additional approval. But I'm not aware that it's actually slowing things down. Okay. No news is good news on this properly. Unless it's happening and not noticing it, we're just going to things down, but just keep an eye on it and give it to everyone please. So good stuff. So with recent changes, we've done a couple different changes with the secure, real government broke out from secure data, up to team, and net is, I just compared the name of my team with my peers. I have one word team names, ops dev, create, etc. Mine is set growth and data science, which is pretty wordy. It also makes it that I'm going to dash forward to have to pull data from multiple places that pass my teams. So I was thinking about one word name. I've started to get feedback on naming things is really important. I'd get the name, the right kind of things and give them good names. So when we're by David to send out a moral, these great person about systems also, I landed on enrichment because what we do makes other things better. We enrich some kind of a very broad term, but it does cover what we do. Not sure we're going to change the name, which I'm after it's going to affect anyone, but me. That's actually my intent is to affect my stuff, not everyone else's. But everything else is in a small way, or others in a small way, but we'll see. Any thoughts on this? Good idea, bad idea. I'm not ready today, so I'm looking for feedback. Obviously, the other examples relate to either.