{
  "analysis_id": "meeting_analysis_20250406_000033",
  "timestamp": "20250406_000033",
  "audio_source": "/Users/yashwipassary/Downloads/hackathon/meeting_15mins.mp4",
  "transcript_statistics": {
    "word_count": 2174,
    "estimated_sentence_count": 143,
    "transcript_path": "meeting_analysis/meeting_analysis_20250406_000033/transcript/meeting_15mins_transcript_20250406_000116.txt"
  },
  "meeting_details": {
    "title": "what do we need to do \n\n[Speaker_1]:\n for, do we need to do anything related to security findings on the commercial versions of  the analyzer specifically? That was the title for this particular conversation, because on container  scanning we get a lot of findings related to devian based images is that that project does not \n\n[Speaker_0]:\n shift to six four or won't fix ship a six four",
    "date": null,
    "participants": []
  },
  "key_topics": [
    "going",
    "think",
    "team",
    "like",
    "within"
  ],
  "summary": "Yeah, item K. Yeah, apologies for the late, like live addition to the agenda \n\n[Speaker_1]:\n on this one. But one more note on a change we're rolling out with insecure, three-blight  weight, and then we're establishing a second team within dynamic analysis. It's just a second team within dynamic analysis. We're  not creating a new group, which I think is the same pattern that's happening within  thread insights as well as just two teams. The difference between what's happening in thread insights and within dynamic \n\n[Speaker_0]:\n analysis is that this is a split of long feature category. So we're going to big rocks and hot issues. So did that survey, we've got an awesome response rate from the team on how to improve the  MR rate for the team. It's one of the things you used to power it. Anybody got any chance to read it yet? And think about it, we're not just yet. I think J-E've already looked at \n\n[Speaker_0]:\n some changes around refinement. The big thing we're doing is more  everywhere, like randomness, not schedule, not PM, necessarily actions, or issues. And that actually is creating some more additional work like it's just like three  times more, that one changes the pace, moves just something else, moves the daily. So I think that's helping us succeed there. Yeah, we're also seeing some success with, we've implemented like a weekly refinement \n\n[Speaker_0]:\n meeting, kind of trek in, make sure that stories are broken down tiny enough. [Speaker_1]:\n I think with smaller bits of work, we're seeing the higher MRRade. [Speaker_1]:\n I was going to say one note on refinement in magnum analysis, we're experimenting  with the new section in our final picture, from looking forward. And in there, we're using  that as a base find where we add issues that we think need refinement that will most likely  be worked on in the next one to three milestones. So we're using that as kind of a base cover  for some engineer to go in and add their issues and make sure they get refined within this model. Good stuff. Thomas, you've got item B. Okay. All right, third ramp and the can't or won't fix security issues  that way maybe we're maybe having this. So we've got them, the security issues that are subject to  set up. For FedRAMP, you're looking \n\n[Speaker_0]:\n at any since related security issues that have been raised. How far are you going in terms of  orbiting to find anything that hasn't already been identified? There is also a link in another \n\n[Speaker_1]:\n issue, a separate issue that has instructions from ACSEC on what they would like us to do \n\n[Speaker_0]:\n as far as setting up container scanning. They're equivalent to one in line to even though  they're different meanings. Go ahead. They've asked us to group. Is new approval rules? No news is good news on this properly. It's a good stuff. So, with recent changes, we've done a couple of different \n\n[Speaker_1]:\n changes with the secure, real government, secure data up team. My peers have one word team name, op step, create,  et cetera. It also makes  it that I'm going to dash forward. So, I was thinking about a one word name. Naming things is really important. I'd get that to name the right kinds of things and give them  good names. Not sure we're going to change the name,  which I'm not sure it's going to affect anyone, but me. But everyone else is in a small way, or others  in a small way, but we'll see. Good idea, bad idea.",
  "action_items": {
    "count": 23,
    "items": [
      {
        "action": "will be sometime from mid-up to a bit through to December",
        "context": "he dates haven't been confirmed \n\n[Speaker_1]:\n yet, but it will be sometime from mid-up to a bit through to December",
        "assigned_to": "Unassigned",
        "extracted_at": "2025-04-06 00:01:16"
      },
      {
        "action": "will be asked, but there's an optional self-evaluation, which  will move into workday and the work that we do has managed to also happen in workday",
        "context": "haven't seen a demo of it. \n\n[Speaker_0]:\n I don't know what questions will be asked, but there's an optional self-evaluation, which  will move into workday and the work that we do has managed to also happen in workday. \n\n[Speaker_1]:\n At the moment, some people are using the Google Docs, which is listed on the term \n\n[Speaker_0]:\n assessment page for self-evaluation and for the manager work",
        "assigned_to": "Unassigned",
        "extracted_at": "2025-04-06 00:01:16"
      },
      {
        "action": "going to be serving as a team, is actually the EM and in addition \n\n[Speaker_0]:\n to normally scheduled some duties for left and right away putting it",
        "context": "nd so issue \n\n[Speaker_0]:\n is there, so if someone would like to follow along or ask any questions about it, the plan \n\n[Speaker_1]:\n for right now, as I'm going to be serving as a team, is actually the EM and in addition \n\n[Speaker_0]:\n to normally scheduled some duties for left and right away putting it",
        "assigned_to": "Unassigned",
        "extracted_at": "2025-04-06 00:01:16"
      },
      {
        "action": "will you take or how will you differentiate",
        "context": "hat do you think will you take or how will you differentiate? \n\n[Speaker_1]:\n Was not planning to differentiate",
        "assigned_to": "Unassigned",
        "extracted_at": "2025-04-06 00:01:16"
      },
      {
        "action": "going to big rocks and hot issues",
        "context": "o we're going to big rocks and hot issues. \n\n[Speaker_1]:\n Section, I don't know if there's a big rock, but kind of belong here perhaps more now",
        "assigned_to": "Unassigned",
        "extracted_at": "2025-04-06 00:01:16"
      },
      {
        "action": "going to look at for interview,  some report that by the end of the quarter",
        "context": "hat was nearer, that you were going to look at for interview,  some report that by the end of the quarter",
        "assigned_to": "Unassigned",
        "extracted_at": "2025-04-06 00:01:16"
      },
      {
        "action": "going to say one note on refinement in magnum analysis, we're experimenting  with the new section in our final picture, from looking forward",
        "context": "am noticing a nice take up  after implementing the refinement meeting, so let's hope for the best. \n\n[Speaker_1]:\n I was going to say one note on refinement in magnum analysis, we're experimenting  with the new section in our final picture, from looking forward",
        "assigned_to": "Unassigned",
        "extracted_at": "2025-04-06 00:01:16"
      },
      {
        "action": "will most likely  be worked on in the next one to three milestones",
        "context": "nd in there, we're using  that as a base find where we add issues that we think need refinement that will most likely  be worked on in the next one to three milestones",
        "assigned_to": "Unassigned",
        "extracted_at": "2025-04-06 00:01:16"
      },
      {
        "action": "should stop talking on mute",
        "context": "should stop talking on mute",
        "assigned_to": "Unassigned",
        "extracted_at": "2025-04-06 00:01:16"
      },
      {
        "action": "going to put  down underneath at just a moment",
        "context": "eah, I'll verbalize, and then I'll say more, and then I'll finish writing what I was going to put  down underneath at just a moment",
        "assigned_to": "Unassigned",
        "extracted_at": "2025-04-06 00:01:16"
      },
      {
        "action": "will admit that at times  will lessen the urgency on this particular topic, and I have to admit that by a set I have",
        "context": "ut the comparison, the favorable comparison, at least to me, and I will admit that at times  will lessen the urgency on this particular topic, and I have to admit that by a set I have. \n\n[Speaker_1]:\n Thanks, everyone",
        "assigned_to": "Unassigned",
        "extracted_at": "2025-04-06 00:01:16"
      },
      {
        "action": "will close the issue,  the putting in the link to these notes",
        "context": "o I will close the issue,  the putting in the link to these notes",
        "assigned_to": "Unassigned",
        "extracted_at": "2025-04-06 00:01:16"
      },
      {
        "action": "need to do \n\n[Speaker_1]:\n for, do we need to do anything related to security findings on the commercial versions of  the analyzer specifically",
        "context": "nd so that's led to a separate discussion on what do we need to do \n\n[Speaker_1]:\n for, do we need to do anything related to security findings on the commercial versions of  the analyzer specifically",
        "assigned_to": "Unassigned",
        "extracted_at": "2025-04-06 00:01:16"
      },
      {
        "action": "need to give an \n\n[Speaker_0]:\n additional approval, but I'm not aware that it's actually slowing things down",
        "context": "nd I totally, I've seen a few cases where team members have realized that they need to give an \n\n[Speaker_0]:\n additional approval, but I'm not aware that it's actually slowing things down. \n\n[Speaker_1]:\n Okay",
        "assigned_to": "Unassigned",
        "extracted_at": "2025-04-06 00:01:16"
      },
      {
        "action": "going to dash forward",
        "context": "t also makes  it that I'm going to dash forward",
        "assigned_to": "Unassigned",
        "extracted_at": "2025-04-06 00:01:16"
      },
      {
        "action": "have to pull data from multiple places that trust my teams",
        "context": "have to pull data from multiple places that trust my teams",
        "assigned_to": "Unassigned",
        "extracted_at": "2025-04-06 00:01:16"
      },
      {
        "action": "going to run by David, the center tomorrow",
        "context": "o, I'm going to run by David, the center tomorrow",
        "assigned_to": "Unassigned",
        "extracted_at": "2025-04-06 00:01:16"
      },
      {
        "action": "going to change the name,  which I'm not sure it's going to affect anyone, but me",
        "context": "ot sure we're going to change the name,  which I'm not sure it's going to affect anyone, but me",
        "assigned_to": "Unassigned",
        "extracted_at": "2025-04-06 00:01:16"
      },
      {
        "action": "but it will be sometime from mid-up to a bit through to December",
        "context": "he dates haven't been confirmed \n\n[Speaker_1]:\n yet, but it will be sometime from mid-up to a bit through to December",
        "assigned_to": "Unassigned",
        "extracted_at": "2025-04-06 00:01:16"
      },
      {
        "action": "what questions will be asked, but there's an optional self-evaluation, which  will move into workday and the work that we do has managed to also happen in workday",
        "context": "haven't seen a demo of it. \n\n[Speaker_0]:\n I don't know what questions will be asked, but there's an optional self-evaluation, which  will move into workday and the work that we do has managed to also happen in workday. \n\n[Speaker_1]:\n At the moment, some people are using the Google Docs, which is listed on the term \n\n[Speaker_0]:\n assessment page for self-evaluation and for the manager work",
        "assigned_to": "Unassigned",
        "extracted_at": "2025-04-06 00:01:16"
      },
      {
        "action": "you think will you take or how will you differentiate",
        "context": "hat do you think will you take or how will you differentiate? \n\n[Speaker_1]:\n Was not planning to differentiate",
        "assigned_to": "Unassigned",
        "extracted_at": "2025-04-06 00:01:16"
      },
      {
        "action": "refinement that will most likely  be worked on in the next one to three milestones",
        "context": "nd in there, we're using  that as a base find where we add issues that we think need refinement that will most likely  be worked on in the next one to three milestones",
        "assigned_to": "Unassigned",
        "extracted_at": "2025-04-06 00:01:16"
      },
      {
        "action": "at times  will lessen the urgency on this particular topic, and I have to admit that by a set I have",
        "context": "ut the comparison, the favorable comparison, at least to me, and I will admit that at times  will lessen the urgency on this particular topic, and I have to admit that by a set I have. \n\n[Speaker_1]:\n Thanks, everyone",
        "assigned_to": "Unassigned",
        "extracted_at": "2025-04-06 00:01:16"
      }
    ],
    "action_items_path": "meeting_analysis/meeting_analysis_20250406_000033/action_items/action_items_20250406_000116.json"
  },
  "output_files": {
    "transcript": "meeting_analysis/meeting_analysis_20250406_000033/transcript/meeting_15mins_transcript_20250406_000116.txt",
    "summary": "meeting_analysis/meeting_analysis_20250406_000033/summary/meeting_summary_20250406_000116.json",
    "action_items": "meeting_analysis/meeting_analysis_20250406_000033/action_items/action_items_20250406_000116.json",
    "visualizations": {
      "wordcloud": "meeting_analysis/meeting_analysis_20250406_000033/visualizations/transcript_wordcloud.png",
      "action_items_chart": "meeting_analysis/meeting_analysis_20250406_000033/visualizations/action_items_by_assignee.png",
      "topics_chart": "meeting_analysis/meeting_analysis_20250406_000033/visualizations/topic_distribution.png"
    }
  }
}